#summary Describes this project.

= Introduction =

This project contains a collection of components/composites that are too small or simple to be contained within their own project/system. They are used by other projects in the oppna-program suite.


= Details =

These are the components contained within this project.

commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-ldap (LDAP client)

commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-pivotaltracker (Pivotal Tracker Client)

commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-usd (USD client) 


Maven repository 
<repository>
    <id>oppna-program-repo</id>
    <url>http://oppna-program.googlecode.com/svn/maven/</url>
</repository>

==commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-ldap==

This LDAP client can be used when searching for or for managing users (add,modify or delete) in the LDAP directory.



===logging:===

none! TODO


===Third party dependencies===

JUnit

===configuration:=== 

The file ldap.properties (should be placed in the classpath root)

It should contain e.g.
BIND_DN=cn=root
BIND_URL=ldap://someserver.acme.org:389
BIND_PW=somepwd

===Usage===

pom dependecies:
<dependency>
    <groupId>se.vgr.commons-util</groupId>
    <artifactId>commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-ldap</artifactId>
    <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>

Spring context setup example:
<bean id="ldapService" class="se.vgr.ldapservice.LdapServiceImpl" >
		<constructor-arg ref="ldapProperties" />
</bean>
    
<bean id="ldapProperties"
        class="org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertiesFactoryBean">
        <property name="location" value="classpath:ldap.properties" />
</bean>
   

   
==commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-pivotaltracker==

The Pivotal Tracker client can add user stories to a PivotalTracker project.



===logging:===

org.slf4j is used


===Third party dependencies===

JUnit,org.apache.http, org.w3c.dom

===configuration:=== 

The file pivotaltracker.properties (should be placed in the classpath root)

It should contain e.g.
PT_USER=someuser
PT_PWD=somepwd

===Usage===

pom dependecies:
<dependency>
    <groupId>se.vgr.commons-util</groupId>
    <artifactId>commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-pivotaltracker</artifactId>
    <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>

Spring context setup example:
<bean id="pivotalTrackerProperties"
        class="org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertiesFactoryBean">
        <property name="location" value="classpath:pivotalTracker.properties" />
</bean>
    
<bean id="pivotalTrackerService" class="se.vgr.incidentreport.pivotaltracker.impl.PivotalTrackerServiceImpl" >
        <constructor-arg ref="pivotalTrackerProperties" />
</bean>
	
	
==commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-usd==

The USD webservice client can add incidents to the UnicenterServicePlus ServiceDesk application.



===logging:===

org.apache.commons is used


===Third party dependencies===

JUnit,org.apache.axis,

===configuration:=== 

The file usd.properties (should be placed in the classpath root)

It should contain e.g.
endpoint=http://someserver.org:8080/axis/services/USD_R11_WebService?WSDL
user=someuser
password=somepwd
repositoryHandle=doc_rep:400001

The file usdAppToGroup.properties (should be placed in the classpath root)

It should contain e.g.
Tyck_till_test_portlet=01 Gbg.SC.Service Desk IT
Antonio_portal=01 Gbg.SC.Service Desk IT
... 
(appname)=(groupname in USD)

===Usage===

pom dependecies:
<dependency>
    <groupId>se.vgr.commons-util</groupId>
    <artifactId>commons-util-core-bc-composite-svc-usd</artifactId>
    <version>1.0-SNAPSHOT</version>
</dependency>

Spring context setup example:

<bean id="usdService" class="se.vgr.usdservice.USDServiceImpl" >
	<constructor-arg ref="usdProperties" />
    <property name="usdAppToGroupMappings"  ref="usdAppToGroupMappings" />
</bean>
	
<bean id="usdProperties"
		class="org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertiesFactoryBean">
		<property name="location" value="classpath:usd.properties" />
</bean>
  
<bean id="usdAppToGroupMappings"
        class="org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PropertiesFactoryBean">
        <property name="location" value="classpath:usdAppToGroup.properties" />
</bean>
	
	
	